No, that's my life's work
How can you sell it?
Yeah dusty
Longtai Airlines established by our Xu family for 20 years
If you sell it like this
Not only will you be ridiculed
And there is also the risk of bankruptcy
This is nice
I don't know how to explain this to you.
But please believe my choice.
Better solve it now
The only way is to sell the shares
And I promise you.
I will never let you lose
Control of Longtai Airlines
It's real dad
Why don't you just listen to Chen Feng once?
After all
He's the guy who made 100 million in the stock market
Well, I'll trust you once.
Cheers. Cheers.
Congratulations to Mr. Yang
He will soon become the president of Longtai Airlines.
This time it's thanks to the old thing that stayed
Finally abandoned them
This time I will make a steady profit of 100 million
I'm going to make you lose everything this time
No message
Harlebone costume
The Twin Towers of the World Trade Center in New York